How to Play
 
User selects the difficulty level and clicks on Play button. Once the game starts, the timer will also be started. User is given an initial score which is calculated based on time and rating of difficulty level selected, at the start of the game. Score reduces in proportion with the time. 
Entering Number: User has an option to enter a single digit number in the blank fields. No other than numbers from 1-9 are allowed to enter in to the blank fields.
Erase Number: User has an option of erasing the number(s) either using “Backspace” in keyboard or Delete key.
Using Notes: Notes allows to input multiple numbers in a single cell. User can mark possible numbers in a cell. The maximum number of digits allowed in a cell is 9 and the numbers allowed are 1 to 9
Using Hints: The number and nature of hints are dependent upon the difficulty level. To use the hints, user needs to click on Hints button and click on any cell in which he needs help. By clicking the button a second time, the user will be returned to the normal function of entering only one number in each cell.
For Easy and Medium levels – Users are given the answer for a particular cell selected
For Hard and Evil levels – User has to enter a number before he uses the Hints. After entering a number if user clicks on Hints and selects the cell, the number will turn red if the entered number is wrong, otherwise no change in color.
Pause: The Pause button will allow the user to stop the clock; however it will also hide the puzzle. Once the button is clicked, the user must press the button again to make the puzzle visible. Once the puzzle is visible, the timer will reset and the user will be able to continue their puzzle
End the Game: User can click on End button to end the game and he will be taken to the game statistics menu/screen where he is shown the solution to the puzzle. In the solution, the initial numbers are not highlighted, the numbers in the solution are highlighted in bold font. 

Load and Save Game
User is allowed to save one game. User can save a game while playing it by clicking on the save button in the Puzzle Menu/Screen. User can load the saved game using Load button in the Dashboard screen. 
The Save button allows the user to save all the data of the game that they are currently playing. It is saved to their profile and may be accessed at any time the user is in the main menu. These games will have the current written numbers and notes formed by the user as well as their time and current score.
The Load button allows the user to access any games that they have previously played and saved. If the user selects this option, they will resume their previously saved game. This game will contain the same numbers, score and time as they have saved it.

Hall of Fame
The Hall of Fame button allows the user to read all the high scores of the scores that players have achieved. Once the user selects this button, a new screen will appear which will display the high score chart. Each puzzle will have a high score list, and the user’s name of each high score the user has achieved will be posted next to their score.
How to Play Sudoku:
The objective is to be able to place the numbers 1 through 9 in positions where that there is only one of each number in every box, column and row. No number should be repeated in any box, column or row. It is also important to note that every puzzle has one unique solution which can only be found by applying logic to the puzzle.

Scoring System
Every game has an initial score of 3000 plus the rating of the level of the game. The scoring formula is 
Score = Rating + Time Bonus - Accuracy – Solve Aids
Rating - the rating index assigned to each puzzle (Easy-10, Medium-20, Hard-30 and Evil-40)
Time Bonus – Score is reduced proportionally as the time increases. Score is reduced by 1 point for every second.
Accuracy - the number of errors you make. For every error, 30 points will be deducted.
Solve Aids - Each time you use a hint, score is reduced based on the difficulty level (Easy-10, Medium-20, Hard-30 and Evil-50)

For any additional help please refer to the videos:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnEvt20S8c0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1pdfli58Kw
